feat: Add shorter version of Docker and Kubernetes installation (#757)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/upgrade-to-business-edition/upgrade-k8s-to-business-edition.mdx

> # 

Author: Please move this to /getting-started/setup/upgrade-to-business-edition/kubernetes

<HideElements/>

Follow the steps below to upgrade Kubernetes Community edition to Business edition:

1. Uninstall the community edition helm charts by running the following command:

```javascript
helm uninstall appsmith
```

> 2. Install and deploy the business edition helm charts by running the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Deploy using the business edition Helm Chart by running the following commands:
```

Author: We can keep the step same as in the existing doc `To add and deploy the new Helm chart, run the following command:`
